.TH "kumonosu::RemoteRequestManagerHandler" 3 "9 Sep 2009" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
kumonosu::RemoteRequestManagerHandler \- Provides the manager interface for external originating requests.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <RemoteRequestManagerHandler.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits kumonosu::RemoteRequestManagerIf.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRemoteRequestManagerHandler\fP (\fBRequestQueue\fP *queue)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes internal data objects and assigns the queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRequestQueue\fP (\fBRequestQueue\fP *queue)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBQueueItem\fP (const int32_t serviceId, const queueItem &item)"
.br
.RI "\fIRPC interface for queueing items from external calls. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provides the manager interface for external originating requests. 

Processes incoming requests as defined by the RPC architecture defined by the Thrift generated interface. Handles adding items to the assigned \fBRequestQueue\fP.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Matt Brace 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file RemoteRequestManagerHandler.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RemoteRequestManagerHandler::RemoteRequestManagerHandler (\fBRequestQueue\fP * queue)"
.PP
Initializes internal data objects and assigns the queue. 
.PP
Associates the supplied queue with incoming requests for queuing. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIqueue\fP the \fBRequestQueue\fP to add incoming requests 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 5 of file RemoteRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RemoteRequestManagerHandler::setRequestQueue (\fBRequestQueue\fP * queue)"
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object. 
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object to the handler for queuing incoming requests. 
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file RemoteRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void RemoteRequestManagerHandler::QueueItem (const int32_t serviceId, const queueItem & item)"
.PP
RPC interface for queueing items from external calls. 
.PP
Adds the specified item to the associated request queue using the supplied service id. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIserviceId\fP a 32 bit integer indicating the service to associate the item with. 
.br
\fIitem\fP the queueItem to add to the \fBRequestQueue\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 17 of file RemoteRequestManagerHandler.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
