.TH "kumonosu::manager::MethodHandler" 3 "8 Sep 2009" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
kumonosu::manager::MethodHandler \- Provides an interface for callbacks for the KumonosuManager.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <MethodHandler.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBmethodNotFound\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for any non-registered method ids. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBping\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for method id 1000. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBpong\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for method id 1001. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBgetServerList\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for method id INTERNAL_METHOD_GET_SERVER_LIST. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBgetServerListResponse\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for method id INTERNAL_METHOD_GET_SERVER_RESPONSE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBgetServiceList\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for method id 1002. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBgetServiceListResponse\fP (void *object, arguments argList)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplements the callback for method id 1003. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMethodMap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIProvides a reference for method ids handled by the KumonosuManager. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provides an interface for callbacks for the KumonosuManager. 

Provides an interface for receiving and forwarding callbacks to the KumonosuManager. Static methods are used and the requests are dispatched via the supplied KumonosuManager object.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Matt Brace 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 30 of file MethodHandler.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
