.TH "kumonosu::LocalRequestManagerHandler" 3 "9 Sep 2009" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
kumonosu::LocalRequestManagerHandler \- Provides the manager interface for internal originating requests.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LocalRequestManagerHandler.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits kumonosu::LocalRequestManagerIf.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLocalRequestManagerHandler\fP (\fBRequestQueue\fP *incoming_queue, \fBRequestQueue\fP *outgoing_queue, \fBRequestQueue\fP *local_queue)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes internal data objects and assigns the queues. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBQueueItem\fP (const int32_t serviceId, const queueItem &item)"
.br
.RI "\fIRPC interface for queueing items from internal calls. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBQueueInternalItem\fP (const queueItem &item)"
.br
.RI "\fIRPC interface for queueing items for the local server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetItem\fP (queueItem &_return, const int32_t serviceId)"
.br
.RI "\fIRPC interface for retrieving an item for local calls. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetItemList\fP (queueItemList &_return, const int32_t serviceId)"
.br
.RI "\fIRPC interface for retrieving a list of items for local calls. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetItemListByCount\fP (queueItemList &_return, const int32_t serviceId, const int32_t count)"
.br
.RI "\fIRPC interface for retrieving a list of items for local calls. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIncomingQueue\fP (\fBRequestQueue\fP *queue)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object for the incoming queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOutgoingQueue\fP (\fBRequestQueue\fP *queue)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object for the outgoing queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLocalQueue\fP (\fBRequestQueue\fP *queue)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object for the local request queue. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Provides the manager interface for internal originating requests. 

Processes incoming requests from the local server as defined by the RPC architecture defined by the Thrift generated interface. Handles adding items to the proper assigned \fBRequestQueue\fP.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Matt Brace 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LocalRequestManagerHandler::LocalRequestManagerHandler (\fBRequestQueue\fP * incoming_queue, \fBRequestQueue\fP * outgoing_queue, \fBRequestQueue\fP * local_queue)"
.PP
Initializes internal data objects and assigns the queues. 
.PP
Associates the supplied queues for sending requests and retrieving data objects. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIincoming_queue\fP \fBRequestQueue\fP object for incoming requests. 
.br
\fIoutgoing_queue\fP \fBRequestQueue\fP object for outgoing requests. 
.br
\fIlocal_queue\fP \fBRequestQueue\fP object for requests to be processed by the local system. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 5 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::QueueItem (const int32_t serviceId, const queueItem & item)"
.PP
RPC interface for queueing items from internal calls. 
.PP
Adds the specified item to the outgoing request queue using the supplied service id. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIserviceId\fP a 32 bit integer indicating the service to associate the item with. 
.br
\fIitem\fP the queueItem to add to the \fBRequestQueue\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 15 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::QueueInternalItem (const queueItem & item)"
.PP
RPC interface for queueing items for the local server. 
.PP
Adds the specified item to the local request queue. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIitem\fP The queue item to add to the local request queue. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 29 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::GetItem (queueItem & _return, const int32_t serviceId)"
.PP
RPC interface for retrieving an item for local calls. 
.PP
Retrieves a single queue item from the incoming queue for the supplied service id. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_return\fP a reference to a queueItem to assign the item to retrieve. 
.br
\fIserviceId\fP a 32 bit integer indicating the service to retrieve an item for. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::GetItemList (queueItemList & _return, const int32_t serviceId)"
.PP
RPC interface for retrieving a list of items for local calls. 
.PP
Retrieves a queueItemList from the incoming queue for the supplied service id. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_return\fP a reference to a queueItemList to assign the list. 
.br
\fIserviceId\fP a 32 bit integer indicating the service to retrieve the list for. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::GetItemListByCount (queueItemList & _return, const int32_t serviceId, const int32_t count)"
.PP
RPC interface for retrieving a list of items for local calls. 
.PP
Retrieves a queueItemList from the incoming queue for the supplied service id with a maximum of count entries. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI_return\fP a reference to a queueItemList to assign the list. 
.br
\fIserviceId\fP a 32 bit integer indicating the service to retrieve the list for. 
.br
\fIcount\fP a 32 bit integer indicating the maximum number of items to include in the queueItemList. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::setIncomingQueue (\fBRequestQueue\fP * queue)"
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object for the incoming queue. 
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object to the handler for incoming requests. 
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::setOutgoingQueue (\fBRequestQueue\fP * queue)"
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object for the outgoing queue. 
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object to the handler for outgoing requests. 
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.
.SS "void LocalRequestManagerHandler::setLocalQueue (\fBRequestQueue\fP * queue)"
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object for the local request queue. 
.PP
Assigns a new \fBRequestQueue\fP object to the handler for local requests. 
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file LocalRequestManagerHandler.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
